Let's make sure we can reach that edit product page through a route and for that on our products page here,
on the admin page this added link here, added product should also include the ID of the product
and again we can use ejs to simply inject that into our path by accessing Product ID.
That's all we need here,
if we now reload this page and click edit, we get redirected,
what could be the issue here? Well remember that we added our query parameter right and we're checking
this query parameter in our controller and if we don't find the added query parameter, added mode will be
undefined and therefore we get redirected.
Now this is of course just a bonus but it's important for you to understand how query parameters work
and therefore we have to set this too when creating our link to this page.
So let's go back to products.ejs and don't just add this ID but also simply append that query parameter
where I set added equal to true.
With that if I now save this and I go back to admin products and click edit,
now we load this product for editing.
So this is looking good,
let's now make sure that clicking update product which does already reach the correct route does then also
do something. And for this first of all in admin js, we need to register this route.
So let's add a new post route which is at added product,
this will not receive any dynamic segment because it's a post request so data can be enclosed in the
request we're sending,
so let's now work on the controller here
and add a new action, post edit product which of course receives the request object, the response object and
the next function as all our middleware functions which our controllers just are
and in here, what do we have to do?
Well we basically want to construct a new product and replace the existing one with this product
This means that we have to do some work on the product model,
we'll do that in the next lecture.